Fiber patch cord, often called fiber patch cable, fiber jumper, or fiber patch lead, is a length of fiber cable that’s terminated with fiber optic connectors (LC, SC, MTRJ, ST and etc.) at each end of the cable. The connectors allow fiber optic patch cord to be rapidly connected to an optical switch or FTTx telecommunication devices OLT, ONU, Fiber splitter etc. Of course, the fiber patch cord price varries based on the type of connectors.  Its thick layer of protection is used to connect the optical transmitter, receiver, and the terminal box. A plug at one end is called a fiber optic pigtail.The difference between fiber optic patch cable and fiber pigtails are that fiber optic patch cables have connectors on both ends, whereas pigtails have a connector on one end and bare fiber on the other. A fiber optic patch cable can be used as pigtails by cutting in the middle of the cable.Fiber patch cord, often called fiber patch cable, fiber jumper, or fiber patch lead, is a length of fiber cable that’s terminated with fiber optic connectors (LC, SC, MTRJ, ST and etc.) at each end of the cable. The connectors allow fiber optic patch cord to be rapidly connected to an optical switch or FTTx telecommunication devices OLT, ONU, Fiber splitter etc. Of course, the fiber patch cord price varries based on the type of connectors.  Its thick layer of protection is used to connect the optical transmitter, receiver, and the terminal box. A plug at one end is called a fiber optic pigtail.The difference between fiber optic patch cable and fiber pigtails are that fiber optic patch cables have connectors on both ends, whereas pigtails have a connector on one end and bare fiber on the other. A fiber optic patch cable can be used as pigtails by cutting in the middle of the cable.Fiber patch cord, often called fiber patch cable, fiber jumper, or fiber patch lead, is a length of fiber cable that’s terminated with fiber optic connectors (LC, SC, MTRJ, ST and etc.) at each end of the cable. The connectors allow fiber optic patch cord to be rapidly connected to an optical switch or FTTx telecommunication devices OLT, ONU, Fiber splitter etc. Of course, the fiber patch cord price varries based on the type of connectors.  Its thick layer of protection is used to connect the optical transmitter, receiver, and the terminal box. A plug at one end is called a fiber optic pigtail.The difference between fiber optic patch cable and fiber pigtails are that fiber optic patch cables have connectors on both ends, whereas pigtails have a connector on one end and bare fiber on the other. A fiber optic patch cable can be used as pigtails by cutting in the middle of the cable.
